[#12444] Updated development.md (#12525)
TEAMMATES/teammates: docs/search.md

If you have access to Docker, this method is straightforward and recommended.

We have provided a Docker compose definition to run dependent services, including Solr. Run it under the `solr` service name and bind to the container port `8983`:

```sh
docker compose run -p 8983:8983 solr
```

> If the command does not work, you should probably go for this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the above command does not work, you may want to try this instead:

```
